after you went away found out I was
pregnant with how things were give the
baby up for adoption
can I Drive myself daddy
you could drive when we get outside of
the rain okay but we need to get our son
back I have to go everything's gonna be
fun I love you
on the first visit we're gonna tell Joey
the porters are just friends can I give
you a hug the next time we'll refer to
them as the other mommy and daddy and on
the final visit he'll be told the truth
baby is valency okay we'll be right here
with you
mr. Porter I give you half a million
dollars in cash what do you want I want
my son and you can't have him enough for
no money
hello and I expect you are ripping this
boy away from the only life he's ever
known do you have any idea what that's
going to do to him when I need to get
enough right friend to be with us his
mother must be feeling the same way I
did meet the day and pray to God
another night will always be with you no
matter what
honey you know me better be more -
please don't
I didn't mean to hurt him I was driving
by son we have to pack our things and go
we'd never be able to come back we'd
have Joey somebody is gonna lose it's
not gonna be us this time